LOOT TABLE:


RDS = random distribution system

WoW mob drop:
gold (based on formula)
crafting item (x-n)
gear item (random gear)
WoW boss drop:

252 Gold
Epic armor piece 1 (guaranteed)
Epic armor piece 2 (guaranteed)
Rare crafting recipe (random)
0 to 3 random magic (green) items

We need to be able to guarantee a specific minimum amount of items to drop
We need to be able to have a random number of counts


Loot table implementation

Generate a loot upon specific action such as enemy death, loot chest

Enemy:

can always drop gold
will drop weapons, gear with stats scaled to enemy level (need formula)
need a way to randomise loot drop. Weighted values for items
gear can have randomised stats values and amount of stats
will have prefix and suffix names based on rolled stats
gear can have multiple tiers of rarity

Value drops (gold, currency, quest items)
Item drops (weapons, armour, consumables)

Always drop
Unique drop

drop objects have weight based on certain values (stat amounts)

need to interface with player inventory to add loot to their bags

need to access enemy level, type to generate loot



//TO DO









EQUIPSLOTS:
    a player can open their inventory and equip loot or use consumables
    a player can look at their equippable slots (Head, cloak etc...)

After these, need to do major testing and documentation on code

need to make sure i can make players, enemies and that combat works. (can just do in the command line at this point)
After all this, everything is pretty much done. Just need to link python scraper, save npc, item and spell data into csvs. Csvs need to be in a specific structure of headers
Then need to figure out how to make the gameplay.

Eventually, I want to render a simple pointcloud game (idk if possible at this point). Move through random dungeons, battle point cloud enemies, open chests, level up etc...




when an enemy dies, the player can loot it. Can drop gold, potions or other things based off the loot table of the npc

Implement loot function, equip slots,

need to test what I have now (will do after making items)
when I equip an item I need to adjust the player's stats - can do this in a class called EquipSlots

a player has equip slots. Items in the equip slots modify the player's stats.

a character sheet holds all the equipslots. When an item is equipped, the player's stats are updated (how? a continuously running method, or an update method?)

IMPLEMENT STATSMOD, BASESTATS

INVENTORY:
    add, remove, print

NEED TO IMPLEMENT:

inventory

LOOT TABLE. On enemy death, drop randomised loot
player loot function from dead enemy

testing of what i already have
figure out how to render a window with char sprites and random dungeons
render enemies. build a simple UI for combat, inventory, character sheet, equip items, loot slain enemies, loot chests.

spellbook to display spells.
